Additional user stories as of 11/10/2025

1. As a cook, when I enter a recipe that has a discrete yield then it creates a finished good record automatically.
2. As a cook, after deciding on the contents of packages and the number of packages to produce for an event I can see a consolidated summary of the total amount of each ingredient needed, whether or not the required ingredients are in the pantry, what ingredients need to be purchased, how many batches need to be made of each recipe, the quantity of each finished good required, how many bundles of each type that need to be assembled, and the estimated cost so I can plan my time and budget.  
3. As a cook, after planning what to produce for an event I can easily do a quick inventory update of just the panty items needed to complete the event so I don’t need to inventory all possible pantry items. I can see a list of ingredients that I am missing or low on so I can plan my shopping.  
4. As a cook, at anytime during baking production for an event I can update or check off the completed finished goods to clearly see what finished goods have been produced relative to how much is left to make.
5. As a cook, I can update or check off how many different bundles for an event have been assembled relative to how many of each type are needed for an event.
6. As a cook, I can specify the materials needed to make bundles such as cellophane bags, ribbon, plastic wrap, tin foil, little boxes, etc. and they are similarly sourced, tracked in inventory, consumed and reported on like ingredients only they aren’t associated with recipes but with bundles. This is so I know what I have and what I need to buy when planning and producing bundles for an event. 
7. As a cook creating food for events, the outputs may be described as packages, servings, or plates to accommodate different types of foods and events.
8. As a cook using this tool, I can add, rename, or retire categories of recipes and finished goods without loss to help organize the presentation of information on-screen and in reports for my purposes. (this will require categories to have UIDs and for category names to be labels)
9. As an operator of the program, I consume items in the pantry automatically through the completion of finished goods, or I can easily take an inventory of pantry items associated with the recipes associated with an event, or I can adjust the quantities of ad hoc items in the pantry to account for loss, untracked usage, or untracked purchases. I can get a historical report of pantry inventory adjustments covering all cases. 
10. As an operator of the program, I can take an inventory using as few clicks as possible so taking an inventory is quick and easy and it avoids multiple dialogs and screens. Ideally, I could do this on the inventory list directly in a "adjust inventory" mode where I can see the current product brand, packaging, current quantity and other information in line for context.
11. As an operator of the program, when taking an inventory I can specify either by quantity in the unit of the product packaging (lbs, oz, grams) or by percentage, the amount left in inventory of a product. 
